WI #616: Addition of `Pricing Currency` and `Pricing Currency to Billing Currency` columns (#799)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/pricingcurrency.md

# Pricing Currency

> [*Pricing Currency*](#glossary:pricing-currency) is a value that represents the unit of measure in which a charge for [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) was priced. Pricing Currency is commonly used in scenarios where costs need to be grouped or aggregated by some combination of the following currency types:

Author: Okay... how about "denomination"?  This is the term we use elsewhere, such as (emphasis mine):

> This column MUST be of type Decimal, MUST conform to [Numeric Format](https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/blob/69258a1b6c7a1c58db247572ecc9cba6e555ab10/specification/columns/contractedcost.md#numericformat) requirements, and be **denominated** in the BillingCurrency.

```suggestion
[*Pricing Currency*](#glossary:pricing-currency) is a value that represents the denomination in which a charge for [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) was priced. Pricing Currency is commonly used in scenarios where costs need to be grouped or aggregated by some combination of the following currency types:
```

> [*Pricing Currency*](#glossary:pricing-currency) is a value that represents the unit of measure in which a charge for [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) was priced. Pricing Currency is commonly used in scenarios where costs need to be grouped or aggregated by some combination of the following currency types:

Author: I'm committing this change.  @flanakin lmk if this isn't the right term.

* Fiat currency (e.g. USD, EUR).

> * Virtual currency (e.g. tokens, credits).

Author: Strictly speaking, you're right that describing it in the attribute is sufficient.  The idea was to put it here to reduce confusion.  I could sustain striking it if you think the duplication hurts more than helps.
